To Whom It May Concern: 

I would like to take an opportunity to offer a formal recommendation for Seyyed Alireza Khoshsolat. As Alireza’s thesis advisor and internship supervisor, I have known him for approximately two years and feel that he is a deserving candidate for your university computer science program.

The first time I met Alireza was when I was his supervisor for an out-of-university internship. With great efforts, he was able get accepted to do an internship in the West Mazandaran Electricity Distribution Company. During his internship, Alireza consistently managed his work responsibilities diligently and learned quickly. According to the report received from the employer at the end of the course, Alireza was able to complete the course with a high percentage of employer satisfaction, which shows that he is responsible and determined in matters at hand. Also, in Alireza's activities, one can clearly see a lot of curiosity and interest in learning new subjects and skills.

After completing his internship, Alireza asked me to become his thesis supervisor. Despite my busy schedule, based on Alireza's performance during his internship, I agreed to have a meeting with him in line with his thesis, and in this meeting, with the enthusiasm and seriousness he showed for learning and advancing science, he made me Accept him as my student. During the course of working on his thesis, Alireza kept in touch with me on a regular basis and used my guidance carefully in his work. Alireza's research abilities and communication skills and his determination in his work enabled us to use his work on the subject of his thesis and publish two articles in Farsi. With Alireza's many follow-ups, we were able to present the papers at the 1st International conference on Modern Technologies in Sciences Amol University of Special Modern Technologies.

As Concordia University is renowned for its Computer science, I believe this is an ideal place for Alireza to solidify his abilities and cement his knowledge of programming and artificial inteligence.

For the above reasons, I am confident that Alireza will make an excellent addition to your graduate program, and I wholeheartedly support him for admission to your program.


